Improve GNSS Device (#1110)
nanoframework/nanoFramework.IoT.Device: devices/GnssDevice/README.md

# Global Navigation Satellite System Device NMEA 0183 - Including Generic Serial Module with GPS, GNSS, BeiDou

> This bonding implement a base Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) device and a generic serial implementation. The device includes a generic serial module that supports multiple satellite navigation systems such as GPS, GNSS, and BeiDou. The Generic Serial GNSS Device is also extensible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This binding implements a base Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) device and a generic serial implementation. The device includes a generic serial module that supports multiple satellite navigation systems such as GPS, GNSS, and BeiDou. The Generic Serial GNSS Device is also extensible.
```
